[js] Add prettier config options (#1106)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/openapi/generate-openapi-client.mdx

```

If you installed the generator as a `devDependency`, transpilation will work without additional steps.

## Prettier

> Since version 2.11.0 the SAP Cloud SDK runs prettier on the generated sources using a default prettier config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 2.11.0, the SAP Cloud SDK runs prettier on the generated sources using a default prettier config.
```

If you are not happy with the configuration you can provide a custom configuration using the `prettierConfig` command line argument.

> Note that this formatting is done in memory before the files are emitted by the generator so no expensive additional I/O is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this formatting is done in-memory before the generator emits the files, so no expensive additional I/O is required.
```
